Extend release notes for Problems API (#32689)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

    void setOtherName(String name);
}
```

#### Receiving side on the Tooling API

> There is the [`CustomAdditionalData::get`](org/gradle/tooling/events/problems/CustomAdditionalData.html#get(java.lang.Class)) method,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`CustomAdditionalData.get()`](org/gradle/tooling/events/problems/CustomAdditionalData.html#get(java.lang.Class)) method allows you to retrieve additional data using a specified view type.
```

> which allows you to provide a view type for the additional data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The TAPI side of things might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the TAPI side, retrieving and using the additional data might look like this:
```

```java
void someMethod(List<Problem> problems) {
    SomeDataView view = problems.get(0).getAdditionalData().get(SomeDataView.class);
    System.out.println(view.getName());
    System.out.println(view.getNames().get(0));
    System.out.println(view.getOtherData().getOtherName());
}
```

> The corresponding view interfaces look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retrieved data can be structured using view interfaces like the following:
```
